atg/chp2_aftermath.md, before:

# **Chapter 2: Aftermath**

**Colonel Jack O'Neill**
**Stargate Command, SG-Earth**

After a well deserved slept-in and a few days off, Colonel Johnathan 'Jack' O'Neill found himself back in familiar routine, standing outside one of his teammate's office.

He knocked on the door.

"Who is it?" the voice on the side of door asked.

"I am back," O'Neill said simply.

"Oh, hey Jack," the civilian greeted the Air Force special operator.

"Homework, then lunch."

"Right errr...let me find my Goa'uld worksheet."

It would be very convenient if the galaxy at large spoke English for his team's benefit. Alas, his team has yet to come across a universal language translator to reverse engineer it from. At least the galaxy at large do speak a lingua franca, which is Goa'uld. Which means that Teal'c and Jackson can interact with the locals. The only problem with that language is that you can be sure that some kooky Goa'uld overlord had influenced that particular gate address in some way or fashion, frequently in a traumatizing sort of way. Unless they're tok'ra. Tok'ra are the good guys. That's more of an exception.

To increase operational efficiency of stargate exploration teams, it became a staple of the local learning curriculum to learn Goa'uld, not that it was any particularly new to O'Neill Throughout his military career, more specifically, special operation, he was always learning the languages of allies, like German, and sometime the enemies as well, such as Russian. His time at this command was no exception.

But god damn it! This man needed to be better organized. The good doctor was still ruffling through the mess to find homework.

After waiting several minutes or so, the archaeologist found the team's homework. He handed O'Neill a copy.

"We need a better way than this mess. Like using the computer to send our homework through email," O'Neill thought out loud.

"I am not just that good at computers. When I was a professor, this is what I always do. Excuse me, I was simply a lecturer."

"Daniel, I don't care about the excuses you make in the past. This is not good enough."

The doctor shrugged.

At least the worksheet weren't the feel good bullshit mandated by bureaucrats, or god forbidden, [i]congress[/i]. There was a reason all these years that he tried to stay retired until some evil snakehead invaded Cheyenne mountain.

"Doctor, just print the god damn worksheet the next time," O'Neill said.

"I have a system," the doctor said defensively. "And it's a waste of money and paper to just print like that."

"In case you didn't notice, you are no longer a poorly paid humanity professor. You provide actionable intelligence day in day out on a daily basis which not only helped this team survive the many incidents, but also saved Stargate Command several times. A nickel or whatever it is, isn't going to hurt your six figures income plus tax-free hazard pay and medical benefits."

"OK. Fine. Whatever, I'll print the damn thing next time."

"Good..let's get the rest of the team."

***
**Captain Carter**

As a precaution, General Hammond shut down gate explorations until further notice after the near disastrous black hole incident. An incident review procedure was initialized, and an independent team took charge of the investigation. They interviewed everyone and everything, performed root cause analysis, and made a number of recommendations for SGC to implement. Then there were the debriefing with the higher-ups. Finally, changes was made to SGC's standard operating procedures to never let this happen again.

The black hole may be extremely rare, but it almost engulfed Stargate Command and maybe Earth as well. To march on forward pretending that it never happened. That was unacceptable. Public opinion would torn Stargate Command and its personnel apart.

Captain Carter's own improvised solution became a ready-made solution and a new set of exercise. A shaped charge bomb became reserved for this type of incident as well as several components required for a successful denotation.

Pretty soon, Stargate Command personnels will be drilled so regularly so that the response will be delivered at the right time.

Still, that wasn't enough for Hammond. He authorized a new project out of SGC's emergency fund to explore preventative measures proposed by the physics department.

As a result of all of this, Carter found herself with boxes of electronics and equipment stacked in her office and a clipboard in her hands. She flew a fighter jet during Desert Shield and Desert Storm years ago, so the treasure trove of really expensive electronics made her only mildly nervous.

There was no doubt in her mind that nobody would dare try to steal anything from her. Still, through a force of habit, Carter personally inventoried every single box herself.

These are the latest cesium atomic clock. She came up with a proposal to tie the atomic clock to the SGC sensor grid and to the DHD supercomputer to act as an early warning system for faster than normal time dilation, the kind that would portent a black hole that's too near.

Physics wise, it shouldn't be anything out of her depth. Einstein's theory of relativity came into play, but not hyperspace, faster than light, or subspace. Any of those concepts would give her a  huge headache any time of the day, and she was one of the best of her generation.

There was a knock on the door.

"Who is it?" she said.

"Carter, it's lunchtime," her commanding officer said.

"I'll be there in a minute. Just need to check one last box off."

When she was done, she joined the rest of SG-1 at a local resturant.

***

It was a Friday, and Teal'c found himself in the company of Tau'ri warriors at the gym, facing a total of five sparring partners in the ring.

This was routine, absolutely normal, part of an ongoing exchange of knowledge. While the Jaffa are vastly inferior soldiers to the Tau'ri in general ground combat, it did not mean that the Jaffa knew nothing about fighting.

On the contrary, they can be excellent warriors and soldiers, as good as any Tau'ri soldiers, if they were allowed to use their mind, discipline, and skills.

"Three, two, one....begin."

His opponents rushed the Jaffa as soon as they began. The First Prime grabbed the nearest Tau'ri, allowing to be punched by another airman. He dropped the opponent on the ground, and grabbed another man before dropping him to the ground.

He soon made quick work of the rest of his sparring partners, almost as if Teal'c was in a martial art movie. Finally, with all five airmen scrawling on the ground, Teal'c bowed.

Polite applause came. By then, the Tau'ri were used to this display of skills of a nearly century old warrior.

"Anyone would like to try?" he asked the audience.

Several hands rose. Teal'c picked at individuals he hadn't seen recently. Several more bouts to go before he would proceed to showing a new kata.

An hour passed by. Already, most of SG-1 were standing outside when Teal'c walked out the door.

"How's class?" O'Neill asked.

"Excellent as usual. Normal and routine," Teal'c appraised. "A Jaffa warrior is very difficult take on in melee combat, but I believed some of my students now have a fighting chance to stay alive."

O'Neill smiled. "I am glad we aren't totally outmuscled in that department. We're going to go to a diner nearby for lunch. Want to come with us?"

"I gladly accept your offer."

***
**Jack O'Neill**
**O'Malley Resturant, Colorado Spring**

What kind of a restaurant named itself O'Malley? He shrugged at that. Regardless, they have good beer and really good steaks. In some way, that was all that matters.

His entire team was here today, with Kawalsky, Warren, Casey, and Ferreti, who are the squad members protecting the retreat to the gate, and his subject matter experts, Carter, Teal'c, and Jackson.

O'Neill stood up, and the conversation around the dining table stopped. He raised his glass.

"I would like to toast my good friend Colonel Frank Cromwell, who passed away after a battle with cancer," he half-lied. The truth was that Cromwell died a hero, protecting Earth from total annihilation. He tried to stop thinking about the interaction of the stargate, a bomb more powerful than any nukes on Earth, and that black hole. O'Neill shifted thoughts, but not to his liking.

He sighed at the image of Cromwell looking at him peacefully as he passed through the portal of death. Momentarily, anguish and guilt all came rushing. Then he pushed the emotions down.

"You know, I am ashamed that I never got to reconcile with him before moments until his death. I was there the day he passed. At the very least, he will be remembered for all the good he did for this world."

Finally, glasses clinked against each other before everyone sat down again.

Everyone on SG-1 and the base knew that he died. It was a shared secret that cannot be denied, spoken of in a restaurant completely oblivious to the knowledge.

SG-1 dug in, appreciating every bite. Every mission could be their last. Somebody could be starved, kidnapped, tortured, raped, or worse, snaked.

***

It was a few weeks, but O'Neil was already restless, and so was the of the team. Together, they stood in the control room, watching as the technicians dialed in a new address.

The team tensed.

Commit message:

expand scene of waiting for the gate to open

atg/chp2_aftermath.md, after:

# **Chapter 2: Aftermath**

**Colonel Jack O'Neill**
**Stargate Command, SG-Earth**

After a well deserved slept-in and a few days off, Colonel Johnathan 'Jack' O'Neill found himself back in familiar routine, standing outside one of his teammate's office.

He knocked on the door.

"Who is it?" the voice on the side of door asked.

"I am back," O'Neill said simply.

"Oh, hey Jack," the civilian greeted the Air Force special operator.

"Homework, then lunch."

"Right errr...let me find my Goa'uld worksheet."

It would be very convenient if the galaxy at large spoke English for his team's benefit. Alas, his team has yet to come across a universal language translator to reverse engineer it from. At least the galaxy at large do speak a lingua franca, which is Goa'uld. Which means that Teal'c and Jackson can interact with the locals. The only problem with that language is that you can be sure that some kooky Goa'uld overlord had influenced that particular gate address in some way or fashion, frequently in a traumatizing sort of way. Unless they're tok'ra. Tok'ra are the good guys. That's more of an exception.

To increase operational efficiency of stargate exploration teams, it became a staple of the local learning curriculum to learn Goa'uld, not that it was any particularly new to O'Neill Throughout his military career, more specifically, special operation, he was always learning the languages of allies, like German, and sometime the enemies as well, such as Russian. His time at this command was no exception.

But god damn it! This man needed to be better organized. The good doctor was still ruffling through the mess to find homework.

After waiting several minutes or so, the archaeologist found the team's homework. He handed O'Neill a copy.

"We need a better way than this mess. Like using the computer to send our homework through email," O'Neill thought out loud.

"I am not just that good at computers. When I was a professor, this is what I always do. Excuse me, I was simply a lecturer."

"Daniel, I don't care about the excuses you make in the past. This is not good enough."

The doctor shrugged.

At least the worksheet weren't the feel good bullshit mandated by bureaucrats, or god forbidden, [i]congress[/i]. There was a reason all these years that he tried to stay retired until some evil snakehead invaded Cheyenne mountain.

"Doctor, just print the god damn worksheet the next time," O'Neill said.

"I have a system," the doctor said defensively. "And it's a waste of money and paper to just print like that."

"In case you didn't notice, you are no longer a poorly paid humanity professor. You provide actionable intelligence day in day out on a daily basis which not only helped this team survive the many incidents, but also saved Stargate Command several times. A nickel or whatever it is, isn't going to hurt your six figures income plus tax-free hazard pay and medical benefits."

"OK. Fine. Whatever, I'll print the damn thing next time."

"Good..let's get the rest of the team."

***
**Captain Carter**

As a precaution, General Hammond shut down gate explorations until further notice after the near disastrous black hole incident. An incident review procedure was initialized, and an independent team took charge of the investigation. They interviewed everyone and everything, performed root cause analysis, and made a number of recommendations for SGC to implement. Then there were the debriefing with the higher-ups. Finally, changes was made to SGC's standard operating procedures to never let this happen again.

The black hole may be extremely rare, but it almost engulfed Stargate Command and maybe Earth as well. To march on forward pretending that it never happened. That was unacceptable. Public opinion would torn Stargate Command and its personnel apart.

Captain Carter's own improvised solution became a ready-made solution and a new set of exercise. A shaped charge bomb became reserved for this type of incident as well as several components required for a successful denotation.

Pretty soon, Stargate Command personnels will be drilled so regularly so that the response will be delivered at the right time.

Still, that wasn't enough for Hammond. He authorized a new project out of SGC's emergency fund to explore preventative measures proposed by the physics department.

As a result of all of this, Carter found herself with boxes of electronics and equipment stacked in her office and a clipboard in her hands. She flew a fighter jet during Desert Shield and Desert Storm years ago, so the treasure trove of really expensive electronics made her only mildly nervous.

There was no doubt in her mind that nobody would dare try to steal anything from her. Still, through a force of habit, Carter personally inventoried every single box herself.

These are the latest cesium atomic clock. She came up with a proposal to tie the atomic clock to the SGC sensor grid and to the DHD supercomputer to act as an early warning system for faster than normal time dilation, the kind that would portent a black hole that's too near.

Physics wise, it shouldn't be anything out of her depth. Einstein's theory of relativity came into play, but not hyperspace, faster than light, or subspace. Any of those concepts would give her a  huge headache any time of the day, and she was one of the best of her generation.

There was a knock on the door.

"Who is it?" she said.

"Carter, it's lunchtime," her commanding officer said.

"I'll be there in a minute. Just need to check one last box off."

When she was done, she joined the rest of SG-1 at a local resturant.

***

It was a Friday, and Teal'c found himself in the company of Tau'ri warriors at the gym, facing a total of five sparring partners in the ring.

This was routine, absolutely normal, part of an ongoing exchange of knowledge. While the Jaffa are vastly inferior soldiers to the Tau'ri in general ground combat, it did not mean that the Jaffa knew nothing about fighting.

On the contrary, they can be excellent warriors and soldiers, as good as any Tau'ri soldiers, if they were allowed to use their mind, discipline, and skills.

"Three, two, one....begin."

His opponents rushed the Jaffa as soon as they began. The First Prime grabbed the nearest Tau'ri, allowing to be punched by another airman. He dropped the opponent on the ground, and grabbed another man before dropping him to the ground.

He soon made quick work of the rest of his sparring partners, almost as if Teal'c was in a martial art movie. Finally, with all five airmen scrawling on the ground, Teal'c bowed.

Polite applause came. By then, the Tau'ri were used to this display of skills of a nearly century old warrior.

"Anyone would like to try?" he asked the audience.

Several hands rose. Teal'c picked at individuals he hadn't seen recently. Several more bouts to go before he would proceed to showing a new kata.

An hour passed by. Already, most of SG-1 were standing outside when Teal'c walked out the door.

"How's class?" O'Neill asked.

"Excellent as usual. Normal and routine," Teal'c appraised. "A Jaffa warrior is very difficult take on in melee combat, but I believed some of my students now have a fighting chance to stay alive."

O'Neill smiled. "I am glad we aren't totally outmuscled in that department. We're going to go to a diner nearby for lunch. Want to come with us?"

"I gladly accept your offer."

***
**Jack O'Neill**
**O'Malley Resturant, Colorado Spring**

What kind of a restaurant named itself O'Malley? He shrugged at that. Regardless, they have good beer and really good steaks. In some way, that was all that matters.

His entire team was here today, with Kawalsky, Warren, Casey, and Ferreti, who are the squad members protecting the retreat to the gate, and his subject matter experts, Carter, Teal'c, and Jackson.

O'Neill stood up, and the conversation around the dining table stopped. He raised his glass.

"I would like to toast my good friend Colonel Frank Cromwell, who passed away after a battle with cancer," he half-lied. The truth was that Cromwell died a hero, protecting Earth from total annihilation. He tried to stop thinking about the interaction of the stargate, a bomb more powerful than any nukes on Earth, and that black hole. O'Neill shifted thoughts, but not to his liking.

He sighed at the image of Cromwell looking at him peacefully as he passed through the portal of death. Momentarily, anguish and guilt all came rushing. Then he pushed the emotions down.

"You know, I am ashamed that I never got to reconcile with him before moments until his death. I was there the day he passed. At the very least, he will be remembered for all the good he did for this world."

Finally, glasses clinked against each other before everyone sat down again.

Everyone on SG-1 and the base knew that he died. It was a shared secret that cannot be denied, spoken of in a restaurant completely oblivious to the knowledge.

SG-1 dug in, appreciating every bite. Every mission could be their last. Somebody could be starved, kidnapped, tortured, raped, or worse, snaked.

***

A few weeks passed by while all gate operations were shut down, except for emergency contact. SGC wasn't the slighest idle.. Research projects continued without abatement, maybe even sped up since Jackson and Carter weren't undertaking missions. Then there were the drills, the constant inspection, and of course field exercises.

Then of course, gate operations resumed, and suddenly a new mission for SG-1.

Of course, standard operating procedure dictated that SGC send a rover through to check for suitability before SG-1 take a single step into the unknown.

O'Neill once again found himself with the rest of SG-1 in the gate operation room, as Chief Master Segrent Harriman dialed a completely new address.
