for_science/chp18_policy_update.md, before:

# **Chapter Eighteen: Policy Update**

**Professor Ozpin**
**July 2, 2015**

Negotiation and signing went well enough, though there were surprising terms from the Sidonians.

One particular demand was immigration access for their people, including the ability to apply for citizenship in any of the four kingdom and being able to study at any of the huntsman academies. In return, they'll reciprocate. Naturally, this caused consternation amongst Remnan negotiators as they looked for nefarious and hidden motives. The Sidonian leadership explained their demand as part of the mission of their nation, to perpetuate and preserve humanity. In the end, the negotiators agreed to a small quota, which will be negotiated yearly.

Moreover, instead of demanding everything under the sun, the Sidonians remain unerringly fair, agreeing to modifications or suggesting changes to allow for expanded cultural and technological exchange, though military tech remain off-limit for the time being. 

The Cylons' desires was simple, a homeland for their kind, and capital goods and services to assist creating more of them, all in exchange for technical and scientific cooperation.

The two Earthlings' demands were slightly more complex, but not all too difficult to fulfill. They were only interested in safety and knowledge.

Commit message:

add missing part at the beginning of chapter

for_science/chp18_policy_update.md, after:

# **Chapter Eighteen: Policy Update**

**Professor Ozpin**
**July 2, 2015**

Professor Ozpin was enjoying a cup of coffee as the sun dawn. He reflected back on the negotiation that he was part of for the past three weeks. As expected, it was a throughly new experience.

Negotiation and signing went well enough, though there were surprising terms from the Sidonians.

One particular demand was immigration access for their people, including the ability to apply for citizenship in any of the four kingdom and being able to study at any of the huntsman academies. In return, they'll reciprocate. Naturally, this caused consternation amongst Remnan negotiators as they looked for nefarious and hidden motives. The Sidonian leadership explained their demand as part of the mission of their nation, to perpetuate and preserve humanity. In the end, the negotiators agreed to a small quota, which will be negotiated yearly.

Moreover, instead of demanding everything under the sun, the Sidonians remain unerringly fair, agreeing to modifications or suggesting changes to allow for expanded cultural and technological exchange, though military tech remain off-limit for the time being.

The Cylons' desires was simple, a homeland for their kind, and capital goods and services to assist creating more of them, all in exchange for technical and scientific cooperation.

The two Earthlings' demands were slightly more complex, but not all too difficult to fulfill. They were only interested in safety and knowledge.
