for_science/chp25_political_uncertainity.md, before:

# **Chapter Twenty-five: Political Uncertainty**

***
**October 13, 2015**
**Headmaster Ozpin**
**Beacon Academy, Remnant**

The interdimensional news washed over Ozpin as he sipped his coffee in the privacy of his office at four AM in the morning. The last few days had hit him like a sledgehammer, forcing him to reevaluate his strategy for the defense of Remnant. At a first superficial glance, it would seem that the inner working of Sidonia shouldn't matter to a headmaster in charge of training a new generation of huntsmen and defense of the kingdom. In reality, the effect would be far reaching, affecting Remnant's access to advanced weapon systems, ideas, and expertise, which ultimately affect the survivability of the kingdoms. For example, if he has access to Sidonia's spaceflight capable mechs, he would be able to offer more support for huntsmen in the field.

If there's one embarrassing thing to admit, the informants were no better than the correspondent reporting from Sidonia. He couldn't simply see it coming.

Even before inter-dimensional travel became a thing, he made it his business to stay on top of political matters, even as boring as bills, so he can best accomplish his job under those political constraint. After the great war, the huntsmen were organized under the influence of international politics, and those political influences could still change policies surrounding his profession, some of the effect Ozpin experienced first-hand.

In Sidonia, he carefully cultivated his sources in varying industries and occupations, taking care not to be 'spying' or committing any acts that might be construed as 'espionage'. The last thing he wants to do is to damage the fragile working relationship between Remnant and Sidonia. The information are all be open source, all above ground, not state secrets. It was information that anyone could get, but it was hard to collate unless one has an information network.

Alas, there's only so much information he could have gathered with an open source information network. Any information that the government wants secret, will usually stay secret.

He expected to be caught by surprise, but he never thought of this. Already, in hindsight, it was plainly obvious, but that didn't matter a bit. What was more important was that he knew that it was a possibility in the first place.

Ozpin heard the footsteps of Glynda Goodwitch.

"Welcome," he greeted, as the door opened to reveal one of Beacon's professor.

"Good morning headmaster Ozpin," she responded, while sipping her own coffee, and bringing another fresh cup of coffee to his table.

"Still working out the Sidonian crisis?"

"I have no doubt about the importance of the ark to our future. I just don't understand the direction that Sidonia will take. Maybe the Sidonians don't themselves either. This is an unprecedented situation."

"Governments everywhere changeg from time to time. That's one of the commonality between Earth and Remnant."

"But they don't really match up, do they? Professor Obleck said that history don't really repeat itself, but it rhymes. We could draw on the lessons of the past, as Obleck kept emphasizing, but there's also novelty in this situation."

Goodwitch watched the broadcast for a bit. The correspondent, Cindy Blue was interviewing a man named Sako Shiro, rambling on about democracy and civilian rule.

"Democracies. I don't understand how they work."

Ozpin chuckled. "They don't, not in isolation. They have a highly qualified civil service branch that papered over much of that. Unlike here, they seemed to believe that democracy is a direct expression of liberty, but they also have check and balance that ensured that the individuals are simply ran over. However, their executive leadership is military, rather than civilian. So it's much more of a meritocracy than a democracy."

Goodwitch scoffed. "Sounds like a contradictory system."

"It is what it is. If you look at ours, it's not like we're any better. We have a system that works, most of the time."

"But now they are in a crisis."

"And we been through ours several decades ago. Their system works for over a century until this trans-reality revolution happens. Our system works right now."

"We digressed long enough, what's your feel for this situation?"

Ozpin sighed. "The worst case scenario would be that they turn militant, and cast their eyes on us and Earth. I don't see it as likely. Their leadership and politicians extended their hands out to us, and Cindy Blue is still on Sidonia."

"She does seem totally unconcerned."

"I agreed. My informants on Sidonia thought it unthinkable that they would censor information and ban foreigners. Freedom of speech and information access is one of the values we shared with them. We could similarly consider isolationism an unlikely possibility. Of course, it's still early days, so we should not be caught off-guard."

"The next likely scenario?"

"We might get a flood of refugees or aslyum seekers. I believed our political masters are hoping exactly for that, but I explicitly forewarned them not to expect any aslyum applications. Even if we were to accept aslyum seekers sometime in the near future, integration is also a concern. Professor Oobleck pointed out that Remnant do not have any experience in assimilating such deeply foreign people into any of our kingdoms."

"The Sidonians are easily the most educated people I know. I can see why they want to snap them up."

"Indeed, they would prove a boon to our kingdoms, but as is, we already are benefiting from them. We also need to consider the negatives of a weakened kingdom of the ark. We could have aslyum seekers, but not to enough to offset the damage to our trade relationship. If they pulled back to focus on their own internal affair, we would lose out."

"I can see the worry, but I just don't know how we would effect the outcome to our favor."

"That's why the four kingdoms are sending diplomats. We're trying to connect with as many fraction as possible, get more ears on their ground floor, and hope that we'll be able to continue our relationship as before."

"I presume you'll have Qrow on the case? I hope he's acting diplomatic."

"Believe me. He knows that it's a high stake situation. There are time that he will be totally sober."

"I'll believe it when I see it."

***
**Takei Nori**
**October 13, 2015**
**Sidonia**

It was a white room, completely clinical and utterly devoid of almost all features. A beautiful woman sat before him.

He knew that her apparent youth was misleading. A literal six hundred years old was sitting before him, the connection before the apocalypse that nearly wiped out one of the last known bastion of humanity. Allegedly, she was part of a powerful conspiracy to rule Sidonia from behind, now revealed to him and the public.

"You are six hundred years old," Takei Nori said. "Yet only until five days ago, you revealed your existence to us. I was dragged out of retirement simply because they couldn't trust all those youthful faces. This is the younger generation's problem, not mine. I am about to bite the dust."

"You aren't considering taking the medicine that will make this your problem?"

"My problem? I don't trust a word out of your mouth. Especially when you lied to us for my whole life, and perhaps my parents as well, and my grand-parents, and countless generations before that. You think I can turn around and just ingest a new type of pill that hadn't been verified by the medical committee, a committee that's potentially compromised by more of those 'youthful' faces?"

"I eliminated the vast majority of the immortal committee. There's only a few of us left."

"Which is just another problem with you. You ordered their assassination. That mean that you were living in an abnormal environment that twisted your morality and thought process."

She stared at the detective with steely eyes.

"An abnormal environment that also twisted their thought process," she said. "I don't know when, but they started thinking little of their progeny. The progeny we educated, donated our genes to, and genetically engineered for life after the disaster. I made the decision to protect all of you from the decisions they would had made once they forced me from my position."

"That is not how Sidonia do things. We would never let someone do that in our name. "

"No. That is not the Sidonian way. But it is survival."

"That's your excuse? I don't believe it's good enough. Frankly, I am disgusted, not even by your secretive rulership, but actions you took in the darkness, aways from our eyes.  What I want to know is...why now? Why did you disclose? Expose every terrible secrets?"

"Duty. Isn't that enough? Haven't I told you? Won't you believe me?"

"I think you are a tyrant, elder," he said with venom. "Tyrants all throughout history frequently rationalize their actions as some part of some moral program, but that doesn't make them just or normal."

"I know what I did, and I did it for my own reason. It was necessary to get rid of the committee, but I couldn't bring myself to expose this to the public. At that time, the cost-benefit analysis to Sidonia seemed to be poor, but I'll also admit that it's self serving. Even after six hundred years, I still do not tire of life."

"A tyrant who acknowledged her crime. That's something."

"I am not a tyrant. People outside of my circle never had their political freedom violated in any way, and everyone served in a meritocracy, or as best as I can manage it."

"We'll see what the politician thinks when the impeachment trial take place."

***
**Nagai Juri**
**October 17, 2015**

"Umm...I see the captain as someone I can work with..." the young man on the witness stand said.

"But is it true that she coerced you into agreeing with her deal?" the senator on the ground floor asked.

"Yes, but-"

"So this is how Kobayashi treated one of our ancestor?"

Truth be told, Juri thought it was the right decision that the head of the state would take, if not necessarily the most moral choice. She wondered if she would make that kind of choice if she were faced with a dimensional traveler?

On the other hand, many tears and death were had as people were continuously disenfranchised throughout the twentieth and twenty-first century. Realpolitik was in truth, proved to be neither practical nor moral. It's better to operate on a policy that would agree with your conscious rather than taking the easy way out.

But that's neither here nor there. She wasn't the one on trial.

"Alright, we will reconvene at the same time tomorrow morning," the speaker of the house said, declaring that today's session was over.

Juri at once stood up, making her way toward the exit.
***

Juri was weary, both at the idea of hidden immortals, and at the idea of incriminating someone who's not an immortal. Ultimately, however, the politicians of Sidonia decided not to initiate a purge of the military, trusting that they had accounted for all immortals.

There was one exception, however.

"Acting Captain Seii, how soon will we be able to apprehend Hiyama and take into custody one Nagate Tanikaze?" Juri questioned.

"Ever since the internal security investigation started, we were delayed several weeks," he answered. "So far, we turned up nobody who's an immortal sympathizer or hidden immortals."

She felt a bitter taste in her mouth.

"We need to find them immediately, before they get away."

"We could do that if we let our agents immediately go to work. Then again, we would be risking sabotage from within."

"How likely is that?"

"Highly likely. The former captain selected everyone carefully from the start to ensure operational success. However, there is a way to guarantee their return, if politically unplatable."

"That option is simply unacceptable."

"Understood."

Juri wondered if this acting captain could be trusted at all. Years of his life was spent serving with Kobayashi and her secret entourage. At the same time, there were no incriminating evidence linking him with Kobayashi beyond strictly professional relations.

Moreover, he was the best man to maintain and oversee the operation of the military, especially in the years to come.

She couldn't simply remove him based on the mere suspicion of his loyalty.

No, that would be unwise. There were a growing fraction within Sidonia that admired Kobayashi. Any attempt to censor or ban on this group would make the government looks very bad.

The impeachment trial was a forgone conclusion, but it needed to be concluded very fast.

Commit message:

finish first phrase of revision

for_science/chp25_political_uncertainity.md, after:

# **Chapter Twenty-five: Political Uncertainty**

***
**October 13, 2015**
**Headmaster Ozpin**
**Beacon Academy, Remnant**

The interdimensional news washed over Ozpin as he sipped his coffee in the privacy of his office at four AM in the morning. The last few days had hit him like a sledgehammer, forcing him to reevaluate his strategy for the defense of Remnant. At a first superficial glance, it would seem that the inner working of Sidonia shouldn't matter to a headmaster in charge of training a new generation of huntsmen and defense of the kingdom. In reality, the effect would be far reaching, affecting Remnant's access to advanced weapon systems, ideas, and expertise, which ultimately affect the survivability of the kingdoms. For example, if he has access to Sidonia's spaceflight capable mechs, he would be able to offer more support for huntsmen in the field.

If there's one embarrassing thing to admit, the informants were no better than the correspondent reporting from Sidonia. He couldn't simply see it coming.

Even before inter-dimensional travel became a thing, he made it his business to stay on top of political matters, even as boring as bills, so he can best accomplish his job under those political constraint. After the great war, the huntsmen were organized under the influence of international politics, and those political influences could still change policies surrounding his profession, some of the effect Ozpin experienced first-hand.

In Sidonia, he carefully cultivated his sources in varying industries and occupations, taking care not to be 'spying' or committing any acts that might be construed as 'espionage'. The last thing he wants to do is to damage the fragile working relationship between Remnant and Sidonia. The information are all be open source, all above ground, not state secrets. It was information that anyone could get, but it was hard to collate unless one has an information network.

Alas, there's only so much information he could have gathered with an open source information network. Any information that the government wants secret, will usually stay secret.

He expected to be caught by surprise, but he never thought of this. Already, in hindsight, it was plainly obvious, but that didn't matter a bit. What was more important was that he knew that it was a possibility in the first place.

Ozpin heard the footsteps of Glynda Goodwitch.

"Welcome," he greeted, as the door opened to reveal one of Beacon's professor.

"Good morning headmaster Ozpin," she responded, while sipping her own coffee, and bringing another fresh cup of coffee to his table.

"Still working out the Sidonian crisis?"

"I have no doubt about the importance of the ark to our future. I just don't understand the direction that Sidonia will take. Maybe the Sidonians don't themselves either. This is an unprecedented situation."

"Governments everywhere changeg from time to time. That's one of the commonality between Earth and Remnant."

"But they don't really match up, do they? Professor Obleck said that history don't really repeat itself, but it rhymes. We could draw on the lessons of the past, as Obleck kept emphasizing, but there's also novelty in this situation."

Goodwitch watched the broadcast for a bit. The correspondent, Cindy Blue was interviewing a man named Sako Shiro, rambling on about democracy and civilian rule.

"Democracies. I don't understand how they work."

Ozpin chuckled. "They don't, not in isolation. They have a highly qualified civil service branch that papered over much of that. Unlike here, they seemed to believe that democracy is a direct expression of liberty, but they also have check and balance that ensured that the individuals are simply ran over. However, their executive leadership is military, rather than civilian. So it's much more of a meritocracy than a democracy."

Goodwitch scoffed. "Sounds like a contradictory system."

"It is what it is. If you look at ours, it's not like we're any better. We have a system that works, most of the time."

"But now they are in a crisis."

"And we been through ours several decades ago. Their system works for over a century until this trans-reality revolution happens. Our system works right now."

"We digressed long enough, what's your feel for this situation?"

Ozpin sighed. "The worst case scenario would be that they turn militant, and cast their eyes on us and Earth. I don't see it as likely. Their leadership and politicians extended their hands out to us, and Cindy Blue is still on Sidonia."

"She does seem totally unconcerned."

"I agreed. My informants on Sidonia thought it unthinkable that they would censor information and ban foreigners. Freedom of speech and information access is one of the values we shared with them. We could similarly consider isolationism an unlikely possibility. Of course, it's still early days, so we should not be caught off-guard."

"The next likely scenario?"

"We might get a flood of refugees or aslyum seekers. I believed our political masters are hoping exactly for that, but I explicitly forewarned them not to expect any aslyum applications. Even if we were to accept aslyum seekers sometime in the near future, integration is also a concern. Professor Oobleck pointed out that Remnant do not have any experience in assimilating such deeply foreign people into any of our kingdoms."

"The Sidonians are easily the most educated people I know. I can see why they want to snap them up."

"Indeed, they would prove a boon to our kingdoms, but as is, we already are benefiting from them. We also need to consider the negatives of a weakened kingdom of the ark. We could have aslyum seekers, but not to enough to offset the damage to our trade relationship. If they pulled back to focus on their own internal affair, we would lose out."

"I can see the worry, but I just don't know how we would effect the outcome to our favor."

"That's why the four kingdoms are sending diplomats. We're trying to connect with as many fraction as possible, get more ears on their ground floor, and hope that we'll be able to continue our relationship as before."

"I presume you'll have Qrow on the case? I hope he's acting diplomatic."

"Believe me. He knows that it's a high stake situation. There are time that he will be totally sober."

"I'll believe it when I see it."

***
**Takei Nori**
**October 13, 2015**
**Sidonia**

It was a white room, completely clinical and utterly devoid of almost all features. A beautiful woman sat before him.

He knew that her apparent youth was misleading. A literal six hundred years old was sitting before him, the connection before the apocalypse that nearly wiped out one of the last known bastion of humanity. Allegedly, she was part of a powerful conspiracy to rule Sidonia from behind, now revealed to him and the public.

"You are six hundred years old," Takei Nori said. "Yet only until five days ago, you revealed your existence to us. I was dragged out of retirement simply because they couldn't trust all those youthful faces. This is the younger generation's problem, not mine. I am about to bite the dust."

"You aren't considering taking the medicine that will make this your problem?"

"My problem? I don't trust a word out of your mouth. Especially when you lied to us for my whole life, and perhaps my parents as well, and my grand-parents, and countless generations before that. You think I can turn around and just ingest a new type of pill that hadn't been verified by the medical committee, a committee that's potentially compromised by more of those 'youthful' faces?"

"I eliminated the vast majority of the immortal committee. There's only a few of us left."

"Which is just another problem with you. You ordered their assassination. That mean that you were living in an abnormal environment that twisted your morality and thought process."

She stared at the detective with steely eyes.

"An abnormal environment that also twisted their thought process," she said. "I don't know when, but they started thinking little of their progeny. The progeny we educated, donated our genes to, and genetically engineered for life after the disaster. I made the decision to protect all of you from the decisions they would had made once they forced me from my position."

"That is not how Sidonia do things. We would never let someone do that in our name. "

"No. That is not the Sidonian way. But it is survival."

"That's your excuse? I don't believe it's good enough. Frankly, I am disgusted, not even by your secretive rulership, but actions you took in the darkness, aways from our eyes.  What I want to know is...why now? Why did you disclose? Expose every terrible secrets?"

"Duty. Isn't that enough? Haven't I told you? Won't you believe me?"

"I think you are a tyrant, elder," he said with venom. "Tyrants all throughout history frequently rationalize their actions as some part of some moral program, but that doesn't make them just or normal."

"I know what I did, and I did it for my own reason. It was necessary to get rid of the committee, but I couldn't bring myself to expose this to the public. At that time, the cost-benefit analysis to Sidonia seemed to be poor, but I'll also admit that it's self serving. Even after six hundred years, I still do not tire of life."

"A tyrant who acknowledged her crime. That's something."

"I am not a tyrant. People outside of my circle never had their political freedom violated in any way, and everyone served in a meritocracy, or as best as I can manage it."

"We'll see what the politician thinks when the impeachment trial take place."

***
**Nagai Juri**
**October 17, 2015**

"Umm...I see the captain as someone I can work with..." the young man on the witness stand said.

"But is it true that she coerced you into agreeing with her deal?" the senator on the ground floor asked.

"Yes, but-"

"So this is how Kobayashi treated one of our ancestor?"

Truth be told, Juri thought it was the right decision that the head of the state would take, if not necessarily the most moral choice. She wondered if she would make that kind of choice if she were faced with a dimensional traveler?

On the other hand, many tears and death were had as people were continuously disenfranchised throughout the twentieth and twenty-first century. Realpolitik was in truth, proved to be neither practical nor moral. It's better to operate on a policy that would agree with your conscious rather than taking the easy way out.

But that's neither here nor there. She wasn't the one on trial.

"Alright, we will reconvene at the same time tomorrow morning," the speaker of the house said, declaring that today's session was over.

Juri at once stood up, making her way toward the exit.
***

Juri was weary, both at the idea of hidden immortals, and at the idea of incriminating someone who's not an immortal. Ultimately, however, the politicians of Sidonia decided not to initiate a purge of the military, trusting that they had accounted for all immortals.

There was one exception, however.

"Acting Captain Seii, how soon will we be able to apprehend Hiyama and take into custody one Nagate Tanikaze?" Juri questioned.

"Ever since the internal security investigation started, we were delayed several weeks," he answered. "So far, we turned up nobody who's an immortal sympathizer or hidden immortals."

She felt a bitter taste in her mouth.

"We need to find them immediately, before they get away."

"We could do that if we let our agents immediately go to work. Then again, we would be risking sabotage from within."

"How likely is that?"

"Highly likely. The former captain selected everyone carefully from the start to ensure operational success. However, there is a way to guarantee their return, if politically unplatable."

"That option is simply unacceptable." She would need to promise in front of the public and the media that Nagate Tanikaze would not be harmed. In the first place, she has no such intention of harming a child, but neither she would be goaded in providing the immortals a political victory.

"Understood."

Juri wondered if this acting captain could be trusted at all. Years of his life was spent serving with Kobayashi and her secret entourage. At the same time, there were no incriminating evidence linking him with Kobayashi beyond strictly professional relations.

Moreover, he was the best man to maintain and oversee the operation of the military, especially in the years to come.

She couldn't simply remove him based on the mere suspicion of his loyalty.

No, that would be unwise. Any attempt to censor or ban on this group would make the government looks very bad.

The impeachment trial was a forgone conclusion, but that wasn't the issue. There was that growing public sentient to deal with. The longer the trial dragged out, the bigger the immortals' support.

None of their arguments would hold water, but that didn't matter.
