for_science/chp22_dust.md, before:

# **Chapter Twenty-two: Dust**

***
**James Archer**
**September 25, 2015**

We stayed after the celebration to work on the next iteration of the trans-dimensional machine, this time actually building a working spacecraft.

Diana wasn't available, she was working on her education. So only Sasaki and I were at the headquarter of her company, or more specifically at the hangar next to their headquarter.

It looked, well, like a hangar, and there was a shuttle design, the next generation TDM, this time fitted with experimental rocket engines, suitable for both atmospheric and vacuum flight. It was Colonial technology, though the fuel mixture was tylium infused with fire dust for improved thrust and specific impulse.

"Archer-san? I heard all about you from Sasaki here," an engineer said. "My name is
Shinsuke Tanba, and I run the company when Sasaki isn't around."

"Ah. Well, Sasaki talked a lot about work a lot, so I know of you as well," I responded. "I am looking forward to working with you as well."

That's it. No mention of the new relationship that was probably known by half of the crew here. In retrospect, there was no visible reactions from the Sidonians, even though polyamorous wasn't exactly the most common type of relationship. I seared on their net, and there was little in the way of gossips.

My fear was unfounded, but it doesn't mean that I won't continually worry about it. Isn't that kind of relationship reserved for harem manga? I wasn't exactly the big hero, or the most important person across the multiverse, and I am certainly not gaining powers like a shounen protagonist. My life was more subdued. Yet, I somehow ended up achieving a fantasy of mine. Though said fantasy wasn't anything effortless. I wanted to abort but I don't want to.

"HEY!" Sasaki said, jolting me out of my thought process. "What are you thinking about."

"Nothing." My face went slightly red.

"Huh-uh." I could feel the sarcasm that was dripping off of her. She knew that I was lying. "We're getting ready to launch the TDM."

***

The hangar was cleared of personnels, and was opened to vacuum, and we were sequestered into a control room stuffed full of people. We were watching the shuttle on screen, which remarkably resembled a dreamchaser. The Sidonians aren't incapable of imagination, but why reinvent the wheel when they got something just as good if not better than any of them could come up?

"Three, two, one...ignition!" the launch conductor said.

The engines in the back of the shuttle roared to life, and the clamps holding it were released. Then, it suddenly disappeared from the hangar's view.

Obligatory cheers and applauses quickly followed.

"Impressive isn't it?" Tanba said. "We simply updated the materials used in the Colonial design and radically simplified the design. By itself, the rocket engines are a very impressive piece of Colonial engineering, even better than our own ion thrusters. With gravity plates, it's simply a cakewalk."

"On the flipside, even with better performance, its fuel usage is awful," Sasaki commented. "Colonial civilization is apparently based on mining ready-made tylium deposits, but we have to synthesize our own, ditto for fire dusts, given their non-existence in this universe."

"Then what is the point of building those engines?"

"Our gardes could always use even better rocket engines to outmaneuver the gauna, but we simply don't have the resources to do anything better until now, but with trans-dimensional and FTL jump coming on the horizon, it can drastically improve its survivability."

"But it requires greater resource extraction?" I questioned.

"It does require a larger industry and more logistics," Tanba acknowledged. "There's no doubt about that. But you showed up, the entire equation change. If you have greater access to energy, then as long as there's a good reason as to why you should increase your energy consumption, you should go for it. Though we will always retain our value of energy efficiency in other areas. It served us well."

"I see, but isn't the engines impractical? What am I going to use if we don't have tylium?"

"There's another TDM prototype that used the regular higeus ion drive system."

"Oh."

I was looking forward to this development. Having the TDM appears inside the ship is a bit touchy. The TDM could be stranded if the ship decided to change course. It hadn't done so in century, given that it hadn't ignited its engines in a century, but that could change at any moment.

***
**Walter Schnee**
**September 27, 2015**
**Schnee Dust Company HQ, Atlas**

It wasn't alway like this. It was years ago that he didn't have any guards. The White Fang changed everything.

The White Fang targeted his company's infrastructure, retail locations, and other assets. Not only that, they dared assassinate members of the board, even family friends and relatives.

The attacks has abated recently, but paranoia was still in the air, and as long that was the case, security will always be high until the White Fang are no longer around. He wasn't going to let down his guard, given his earlier mistakes. Therefore, a pair of guards accompanied him, part of a large security contingent of fifty men.

There was one location that a pair of guards aren't allowed to enter: his office. As soon as he made it to the door, the guards posted themselves to each side of the door.

He made no acknowledgement of their service. There was far too many people working for him doing all a sort of tasks to have time to thank anybody. His time was far too valuable.

As soon he entered his office, the atmosphere of paranoia changed. A new threat made itself the new focus, the foreigners.

He remembered when they arrived. At the time, the only thing that the media wanted to talk about was first contact. He thought that there was a potential new market, but that was quickly dashed when the foreigners talked about something called the higeus particles and the higeus field, a theoretically unlimited source of energy and a deep and wide knowledge of non-dust physical sciences.

They were a threat to everything his deceased father and he built.

The elder head of the Schnee seated himself, started up his computer and logged into his email account.

The headings of memos and reports filled the transparent holographic monitor, the computer downloading information from the cross continental transmit system.

Something caught his eyes.

The demand of dust was predicted to grow next month, sending the price of dust upward.

It didn't make sense to him. His company and his rivals were doing everything to obstruct the development of higeus energy generation sources, and to dissuade dust users from jumping the ship, or even using more efficient dust processes.

Nothing was working, partly because it was all just a bunch of transparent attempts to dissuade customers from following in their best interests.

So he dialed a bit back while he ordered his company's chemists to leverage new use of dusts, expecting to brace the coming storm.

Yet there wasn't one.

A bing, and there was a notification; a report from the intelligence director.

After reading the report, he laid back into his chair, thinking through the implications.
It appeared that he made a major miscalculation. The foreigners were already buying bigger quantity of dusts, though currently at insignificant percentage of the market. He imagined that they could expand to even bigger purchases. It was however an unquantified probability.

There might be a market of one hundred thousand new customers after all.

***
**Violent Amethyst**
**September 29, 2015**

Her boss wasn't in today, as there were some other businesses that he was attending to. Doctor Violent Amethyst was relieved. He wasn't a bad boss, really, even if he didn't seem himself lately, but he was a hard taskmaster, and a bit too skeptical for her taste. His criticism and review were always polite if harsh, cutting her down deeply.

Still, it did wonder for her reputation as a researcher. She published less papers, but those were good enough to be cited more often than for all her papers she did at her last stint. Even more, she started staying and working longer, becoming more dedicated to her job. It was all that bastard's fault.

Oh why, oh why she didn't quit yet? Why not look for an easy gig like mindlessly working a cash register. Only of course, it would be the complete opposite of her situation. She would be bored rather than constantly challenged.

So it was another workday that she was spending her precious free time on work related project relating to a dust reaction chamber.

Commit message:

try to figure out a cool project that our doctor is working on

for_science/chp22_dust.md, after:

# **Chapter Twenty-two: Dust**

***
**James Archer**
**September 25, 2015**

We stayed after the celebration to work on the next iteration of the trans-dimensional machine, this time actually building a working spacecraft.

Diana wasn't available, she was working on her education. So only Sasaki and I were at the headquarter of her company, or more specifically at the hangar next to their headquarter.

It looked, well, like a hangar, and there was a shuttle design, the next generation TDM, this time fitted with experimental rocket engines, suitable for both atmospheric and vacuum flight. It was Colonial technology, though the fuel mixture was tylium infused with fire dust for improved thrust and specific impulse.

"Archer-san? I heard all about you from Sasaki here," an engineer said. "My name is
Shinsuke Tanba, and I run the company when Sasaki isn't around."

"Ah. Well, Sasaki talked a lot about work a lot, so I know of you as well," I responded. "I am looking forward to working with you as well."

That's it. No mention of the new relationship that was probably known by half of the crew here. In retrospect, there was no visible reactions from the Sidonians, even though polyamorous wasn't exactly the most common type of relationship. I seared on their net, and there was little in the way of gossips.

My fear was unfounded, but it doesn't mean that I won't continually worry about it. Isn't that kind of relationship reserved for harem manga? I wasn't exactly the big hero, or the most important person across the multiverse, and I am certainly not gaining powers like a shounen protagonist. My life was more subdued. Yet, I somehow ended up achieving a fantasy of mine. Though said fantasy wasn't anything effortless. I wanted to abort but I don't want to.

"HEY!" Sasaki said, jolting me out of my thought process. "What are you thinking about."

"Nothing." My face went slightly red.

"Huh-uh." I could feel the sarcasm that was dripping off of her. She knew that I was lying. "We're getting ready to launch the TDM."

***

The hangar was cleared of personnels, and was opened to vacuum, and we were sequestered into a control room stuffed full of people. We were watching the shuttle on screen, which remarkably resembled a dreamchaser. The Sidonians aren't incapable of imagination, but why reinvent the wheel when they got something just as good if not better than any of them could come up?

"Three, two, one...ignition!" the launch conductor said.

The engines in the back of the shuttle roared to life, and the clamps holding it were released. Then, it suddenly disappeared from the hangar's view.

Obligatory cheers and applauses quickly followed.

"Impressive isn't it?" Tanba said. "We simply updated the materials used in the Colonial design and radically simplified the design. By itself, the rocket engines are a very impressive piece of Colonial engineering, even better than our own ion thrusters. With gravity plates, it's simply a cakewalk."

"On the flipside, even with better performance, its fuel usage is awful," Sasaki commented. "Colonial civilization is apparently based on mining ready-made tylium deposits, but we have to synthesize our own, ditto for fire dusts, given their non-existence in this universe."

"Then what is the point of building those engines?"

"Our gardes could always use even better rocket engines to outmaneuver the gauna, but we simply don't have the resources to do anything better until now, but with trans-dimensional and FTL jump coming on the horizon, it can drastically improve its survivability."

"But it requires greater resource extraction?" I questioned.

"It does require a larger industry and more logistics," Tanba acknowledged. "There's no doubt about that. But you showed up, the entire equation change. If you have greater access to energy, then as long as there's a good reason as to why you should increase your energy consumption, you should go for it. Though we will always retain our value of energy efficiency in other areas. It served us well."

"I see, but isn't the engines impractical? What am I going to use if we don't have tylium?"

"There's another TDM prototype that used the regular higeus ion drive system."

"Oh."

I was looking forward to this development. Having the TDM appears inside the ship is a bit touchy. The TDM could be stranded if the ship decided to change course. It hadn't done so in century, given that it hadn't ignited its engines in a century, but that could change at any moment.

***
**Walter Schnee**
**September 27, 2015**
**Schnee Dust Company HQ, Atlas**

It wasn't alway like this. It was years ago that he didn't have any guards. The White Fang changed everything.

The White Fang targeted his company's infrastructure, retail locations, and other assets. Not only that, they dared assassinate members of the board, even family friends and relatives.

The attacks has abated recently, but paranoia was still in the air, and as long that was the case, security will always be high until the White Fang are no longer around. He wasn't going to let down his guard, given his earlier mistakes. Therefore, a pair of guards accompanied him, part of a large security contingent of fifty men.

There was one location that a pair of guards aren't allowed to enter: his office. As soon as he made it to the door, the guards posted themselves to each side of the door.

He made no acknowledgement of their service. There was far too many people working for him doing all a sort of tasks to have time to thank anybody. His time was far too valuable.

As soon he entered his office, the atmosphere of paranoia changed. A new threat made itself the new focus, the foreigners.

He remembered when they arrived. At the time, the only thing that the media wanted to talk about was first contact. He thought that there was a potential new market, but that was quickly dashed when the foreigners talked about something called the higeus particles and the higeus field, a theoretically unlimited source of energy and a deep and wide knowledge of non-dust physical sciences.

They were a threat to everything his deceased father and he built.

The elder head of the Schnee seated himself, started up his computer and logged into his email account.

The headings of memos and reports filled the transparent holographic monitor, the computer downloading information from the cross continental transmit system.

Something caught his eyes.

The demand of dust was predicted to grow next month, sending the price of dust upward.

It didn't make sense to him. His company and his rivals were doing everything to obstruct the development of higeus energy generation sources, and to dissuade dust users from jumping the ship, or even using more efficient dust processes.

Nothing was working, partly because it was all just a bunch of transparent attempts to dissuade customers from following in their best interests.

So he dialed a bit back while he ordered his company's chemists to leverage new use of dusts, expecting to brace the coming storm.

Yet there wasn't one.

A bing, and there was a notification; a report from the intelligence director.

After reading the report, he laid back into his chair, thinking through the implications.
It appeared that he made a major miscalculation. The foreigners were already buying bigger quantity of dusts, though currently at insignificant percentage of the market. He imagined that they could expand to even bigger purchases. It was however an unquantified probability.

There might be a market of one hundred thousand new customers after all.

***
**Violent Amethyst**
**September 29, 2015**

It was a quiet Tuesday evening that Doctor Amethyst finally put her finishing touch on a new cooling mechanism, stuffed full of dust.

It's not all that complicated as a concept. In theory, it's a fluid cooling system, except not with water, but prominently with ice dust, combined with minute combination of other dust types. In reality, it's a lot harder than one would think.

Ice dust created, well...ice. That isn't exactly what she needed in such a cooling system. She didn't want to create obstruction, but a very cool liquid to work with.

That resulted in building a new machine and a new dust slurry.

She supposed that her boss should see the one cubic meter square machine and the sixteen meter long tube in action, but the boss wasn't there.  

In a way,

 Doctor Violent Amethyst was relieved. He wasn't a bad boss, really, even if he didn't seem himself lately, but he was a hard taskmaster, and a bit too skeptical for her taste. His criticism and review were always polite if harsh, cutting her down deeply.

Still, it did wonder for her reputation as a researcher. She published less papers, but those were good enough to be cited more often than for all her papers she did at her last stint. Even more, she started staying and working longer, becoming more dedicated to her job. It was all that bastard's fault.
