for_science/chp23_vacation.md, before:

# **Chapter Twenty-three: Vacation**

**James Archer**
**October 3, 2015**
**Deserted Island, Earth**

It was the stereotypical deserted island, with palm tree and coconuts, and a beautiful beach. The nearest civilization on Earth was at least several hundred miles away. Which makes it all the more a perfect vacation spot. There was plenty of privacy and almost no way for other humans to bother us.

I arrived here with my TDM, transiting from Sidonia to this island, which was referenced from the Sidonian knowledge base, and then scouted. The last thing I wanted was some Grimms making its way to Earth. My girlfriends and I made sure to pack for a four day stay, with fridge, showerheads, water purifier, and other camping supplies. All of which were military issue intended for the new infantry branch. The only price was a detailed report for the firm that made it and to military command.

"So this is a beach on Earth," Sasaki observed. "Existing in a vast expanse of resilient biosphere."

I wasn't really thinking about that, but thinking about how Sasaki and Diana made it their mission to maximally embarrass me in public by proclaiming their relationships with me in front of me with other people once they overcame their reservation.

Worst, I couldn't convince myself to tell them to stop, especially when they were talking to remnan humans.

Now, there was no way of that happening, since there aren't other people around, and I could sit back and relax.

"Well, what you're waiting for?" Diana said, dragging me by my hand into the water. Sasaki followed along as well. We splashed into the water of the Pacific Ocean.

***

A crab tattered about in the sand before Sasaki. My girlfriend didn't look the slightest scared. It appeared that she got boots on her legs where it was only bare footed only minutes ago.

Quickly, she stomped the crab in one motion with her left foot. The crab cracked.

It was unreal and gruesome.

"Do you really need to kill that crab?" I said in dismay.

"What's the problem?" Sasaki asked. "We're getting local food. Don't they said that local is the best."

"I am sure that's a myth. But killing an animal is unnecessary when we got a freezer full of artificially grown meat. We're not savages."

"Oh, Mr. Morality, you're going to lecture me on why we should not eat meat when you have been eating meat all your life?"

"My contemporary and I got more excuses for it. We don't grow meat cultures."

"Uh huh." Her voice dripped with sarcasm. "In that case, the crab was going to die horribly by being eaten by a predator or some other means. At least this was a quick death."

I sensed that this wasn't going anywhere. So I decided to drop it.

Sasaki dropped the crab into a pot and then continued her crab hunting mini-excursion.

So crab for breakfast, lunch, and dinner it is.

***

It was sheer coincidence that I ended up doing the grilling. We did a rock-paper-scissor game to decide our chores, and I happen to end up winning.

So I stood over an open flame letting the artificial meats and crab alike sizzle. Sasaki was out there again, hunting for more meat, and bringing down coconuts.

Diana was nearby, preparing kebabs for me to cook.

"I wanted to know...where are we going from here with this relationship?" Diana broached the topic.

I closed my eyes to think a little bit. "I don't know. I loved you and Sasaki but I probably will not try this again in the foreseeable future." Though I don't think about it much, but I knew that it's unlikely that we will be together forever.

Diana snorted. "Oh, what a guy wouldn't give for a harem?"

I turned beet red, turning my head away from her. "Please..."

"If it helps, I couldn't think of any other guy who would be able to handle a relationship like ours."

"Well, I felt like a douchebag for just having the two of you as my girlfriends," I admitted. "It's like the rule of evil or something. It would mark you the greatest level of asshole or something. That's nonsense, but I can't shake it off."

"At least you're not blushing as much as before when I mentioned our status to our friends."

I could picture in my head the celebrity gossip in the magazine section about boring oh me and my girlfriends. It was not a secret at all. Also unmentioned is going to Diana's family and explaining to them what we are doing. They're not exactly the most open people around.

***

After some fun and sexy times, we elected to sleep outside under the sky, not even with blankets covering us. Instead, we let the cool air flowed over us. It was a good thing that there will be no inclement weather covering this island tonight. The only sounds were the waves crashing into the sand, which was oddly relaxing. With all the light sources turned off, it was almost entirely dark. Yet, there were an entire ocean of lights emanating from the stars.

Unsurprisingly, it was like nothing I had seen back in the city where I lived just months before. Light pollution had stolen the view from urban residents.

It was a shame that Diana was fast asleep as soon she hit the blanket.

"Beautiful isn't it?" Sasaki said. Meteorites suddenly streaked though the sky, burning up in the atmosphere, creating shooting stars. "Sometime, I used to go outside Sidonia in my suit and just look into the vacuum of space. All those lights took years, sometime thousands, millions, even billions to reach us."

"Boy I wished I could live as long as those stars," I said. "There's so little time in a human lifespan to do anything."

"Immortality. You're obsessed with it."

"I wouldn't say obsessed, just that I have a healthy point of view."

"Death is not scary in a way. When you die, it's 'poof'. Actually, it's not even that. You're just gone. When I was young, what terrified me is growing old. Your body and mental faculty starts to break down until you're a shadow of yourself. Even though we can grow new organs to replace old ones, it can only do so much."

"You know, I think trans-dimensional travel holds a possibility of finding a cure to aging. If even the Sidonians can't manage it..."

"Hmm..."

Commit message:

discussing anti-aging and tech

for_science/chp23_vacation.md, after:

# **Chapter Twenty-three: Vacation**

**James Archer**
**October 3, 2015**
**Deserted Island, Earth**

It was the stereotypical deserted island, with palm tree and coconuts, and a beautiful beach. The nearest civilization on Earth was at least several hundred miles away. Which makes it all the more a perfect vacation spot. There was plenty of privacy and almost no way for other humans to bother us.

I arrived here with my TDM, transiting from Sidonia to this island, which was referenced from the Sidonian knowledge base, and then scouted. The last thing I wanted was some Grimms making its way to Earth. My girlfriends and I made sure to pack for a four day stay, with fridge, showerheads, water purifier, and other camping supplies. All of which were military issue intended for the new infantry branch. The only price was a detailed report for the firm that made it and to military command.

"So this is a beach on Earth," Sasaki observed. "Existing in a vast expanse of resilient biosphere."

I wasn't really thinking about that, but thinking about how Sasaki and Diana made it their mission to maximally embarrass me in public by proclaiming their relationships with me in front of me with other people once they overcame their reservation.

Worst, I couldn't convince myself to tell them to stop, especially when they were talking to remnan humans.

Now, there was no way of that happening, since there aren't other people around, and I could sit back and relax.

"Well, what you're waiting for?" Diana said, dragging me by my hand into the water. Sasaki followed along as well. We splashed into the water of the Pacific Ocean.

***

A crab tattered about in the sand before Sasaki. My girlfriend didn't look the slightest scared. It appeared that she got boots on her legs where it was only bare footed only minutes ago.

Quickly, she stomped the crab in one motion with her left foot. The crab cracked.

It was unreal and gruesome.

"Do you really need to kill that crab?" I said in dismay.

"What's the problem?" Sasaki asked. "We're getting local food. Don't they said that local is the best."

"I am sure that's a myth. But killing an animal is unnecessary when we got a freezer full of artificially grown meat. We're not savages."

"Oh, Mr. Morality, you're going to lecture me on why we should not eat meat when you have been eating meat all your life?"

"My contemporary and I got more excuses for it. We don't grow meat cultures."

"Uh huh." Her voice dripped with sarcasm. "In that case, the crab was going to die horribly by being eaten by a predator or some other means. At least this was a quick death."

I sensed that this wasn't going anywhere. So I decided to drop it.

Sasaki dropped the crab into a pot and then continued her crab hunting mini-excursion.

So crab for breakfast, lunch, and dinner it is.

***

It was sheer coincidence that I ended up doing the grilling. We did a rock-paper-scissor game to decide our chores, and I happen to end up winning.

So I stood over an open flame letting the artificial meats and crab alike sizzle. Sasaki was out there again, hunting for more meat, and bringing down coconuts.

Diana was nearby, preparing kebabs for me to cook.

"I wanted to know...where are we going from here with this relationship?" Diana broached the topic.

I closed my eyes to think a little bit. "I don't know. I loved you and Sasaki but I probably will not try this again in the foreseeable future." Though I don't think about it much, but I knew that it's unlikely that we will be together forever.

Diana snorted. "Oh, what a guy wouldn't give for a harem?"

I turned beet red, turning my head away from her. "Please..."

"If it helps, I couldn't think of any other guy who would be able to handle a relationship like ours."

"Well, I felt like a douchebag for just having the two of you as my girlfriends," I admitted. "It's like the rule of evil or something. It would mark you the greatest level of asshole or something. That's nonsense, but I can't shake it off."

"At least you're not blushing as much as before when I mentioned our status to our friends."

I could picture in my head the celebrity gossip in the magazine section about boring oh me and my girlfriends. It was not a secret at all. Also unmentioned is going to Diana's family and explaining to them what we are doing. They're not exactly the most open people around.

***

After some fun and sexy times, we elected to sleep outside under the sky, not even with blankets covering us. Instead, we let the cool air flowed over us. It was a good thing that there will be no inclement weather covering this island tonight. The only sounds were the waves crashing into the sand, which was oddly relaxing. With all the light sources turned off, it was almost entirely dark. Yet, there were an entire ocean of lights emanating from the stars.

Unsurprisingly, it was like nothing I had seen back in the city where I lived just months before. Light pollution had stolen the view from urban residents.

It was a shame that Diana was fast asleep as soon she hit the blanket.

"Beautiful isn't it?" Sasaki said. Meteorites suddenly streaked though the sky, burning up in the atmosphere, creating shooting stars. "Sometime, I used to go outside Sidonia in my suit and just look into the vacuum of space. All those lights took years, sometime thousands, millions, even billions to reach us."

"Boy I wished I could live as long as those stars," I said. "There's so little time in a human lifespan to do anything."

"Immortality. You're obsessed with it."

"I wouldn't say obsessed, just that I have a healthy point of view."

"Death is not scary in a way. When you die, it's 'poof'. Actually, it's not even that. You're just gone. When I was young, what terrified me is growing old. Eventually, your body and mental faculty breaks down until you're a shadow of yourself. Even though we can grow new organs to replace old ones, it can only do so much."

"You know, I think trans-dimensional travel holds a possibility of finding a cure to aging. If even the Sidonians can't manage it..."

"Hmm..."

"Come to think of it. There aren't gauna in my home reality, right?"

"I hope not, even though the historical timeline matched up perfectly so far, though we expected the butterfly effect to strengthen even before first contact, before everything go out of the window because of first contact. In any case, Earth is our home, even if there is an infinity of them. I hate to see my ancestors dying again like this again."

"But we have time, right? Both to perfect anti-aging technology and improve our capability to fight the gauna or whatever is out there in the multiverse."

"There's a lot of technological immaturity in combining all of our worlds' unique technologies, but I wouldn't discount a lot of what is simply locked up in Sidonia's database. We didn't have the number or the resource back before the near destruction of Sidonia, and we didn't have it today. But if we could unlock the manpower, then that ceased to be a problem. We'll have lot of amazing things."

Sasaki rolled over until her body laid on top of mine, her head resting against my chest.
