for_science/chp20_team_rwby.md, before:

## **Chapter Twenty: Team RWBY**

[I]Dear Journal,

A number of breakthroughs had made their appearances after months of hard work and collaboration with all the parties involved.

We charted the stars, and we were able to locate Remnant and Sidonia in context. Remnant is located around twenty five light years away from Earth, and Sidonia is located about three hundred light years away from Earth. This is published as a starmap and distributed to the public at large.

Why is this important? It will enable trans-dimensional travel without me having to calculate all the numbers and arranging the schedules. Though it required a bunch of other steps to accomplish this feat. The way this will work is to travel to a certain location spatially, and then make the jump. For example, you'll have to travel from Remnant twenty-five light years to Earth would be, then make the jump through several realities, before arriving at Earth proper.

That will require FTL travel if we want to arrive in any places soon, and the only method known to us is the Colonial jump-drive which can make point-to-point instantaneous jumps by folding space. The Cylons said that Colonial jump drive can only jump 2 light years at a time while exerting tremendous stress on both man and the machine. For our reference, Sidonia is about three hundred twenty three light years away from Earth, requiring about one hundred sixty one jumps, making such journey practically impossible for any number of considerations. If we were able to overcome such obstacles and get to our destination spatially, the last part is jumping dimensions and that required us overcoming a number of problems.

Before one can safely jump into dimensions and then finally arriving at the planet destination, one has to explore the dimensions first. Thankfully, we now have a way to probe dimensions for safety, which required future cosmological theory that only the Sidonians possessed. Mainly, we designed a machine which required about fifty megawatts per hour and occupy the size of a football field. Its main use is to search for compatible dimensions. Otherwise jumping blindly will caused retrocasual boundback effects, because that would be jumping into dimensions that doesn't exist. Even if a dimension exists, it doesn't mean that said dimension is fit to jump in, because it might not be compatible.

Finally, the last breakthrough in question was that the Sidonians are going ahead with gravitic plates production, an adoption of Colonial technology. Surprisingly, gravitic plates are one of the easiest technology to work with. The science behind it was simple, if widely agreed that it's almost impossible to discover even according to Sidonian science. According to the Cylons, this was heritage technologies inherited by the Colonials, from the series of arkships they arrived in. It is unknown how the progenitor civilization discovered it.

Anyway, gravitic plates enabled cheap anti-gravity superior to Remnans' method, including extending it beyond atmosphere, but also cheap gravity as well, an essential component of space living if one do not want bone and muscle loss. With mass production of gravitic plates, they should be able to disable the extremely energy intensive gravity furnace, which costs sixty percent of Sidonia's power. Finally, gravitic plates can also serve as inertial compensator as a side effect of anti-gravity, which was fucking cheating the laws of physics. Theoretically, it can be used as an reaction-less drive, but it was deemed to cost too much energy. That's cheating![/I]


***
**James Archer**
**Trans-dimensional Reseach Laboratory Remnant**
**August 16, 2015**

I stared at a rube goldberg-equse contraption made by a certain violent colored researcher.

"What the fuck is this?" I said.

"It worked!" the researcher said. "As a result of my crea-"

"Cut the bullcrap about creativity and individuality," I said rather bluntly. I cursed director Polenda for making me a manager, for forcing me to agree to all too reasonable demands.

"But your semblance..."

I stared at the violent eyed Remnan. "You forget. I am [i]soulless[/i]", to use a certain expression from protestors outdoor. Though some researchers are still convinced that the aliens do have aura of some kind, if however small.

"Your power allowed you to create tinkertech devices."

"Which are basically useless without a serious amount of reverse engineering and painstaking scientific study, often in whole new fields of study. I don't have to reverse engineer your device, will I?"

The female engineer chuckled nervously. "No sir."

"Good, your project is now to reverse-engineer your own device and explain it so that other researchers can then build on your work using their [i]creativity[/i] and [i]individuality[/i]."

The woman sighed in relief that she wasn't going to get canned. Apparently, I am a very scary boss. It was near the end of a very short working day, as it was Sunday. Twelve PM had just hit, and it's time to head home.

***
**Ruby Rose**
**Beacon Academy, Remnant**

There was something that Blake Belladonna was hiding from the rest of the team. Ruby don't know what, but it had something to do with Professor Oobleck. When Ruby tried to ask her, she tried to deflect it. When Yang or Weiss asked too, they got deflected as well.

So, three fourth were hiding together in a closet of their own dorm, waiting for Blake to do something.

"Psst. What do you see?" Yang asked.

"Nothing..." Ruby said.

Blake looked around the room for a little bit, before picking up a bookbag and heading outside.

The closet collapsed soon after. "Ouch!"

Ruby Rose stood up. "We got to go after Blake!" she proclaimed, pumping her fists up in the air.

***

As Blake made her way through the city of Vale, the team followed closely her every moves, taking care not to get caught. It didn't take very long until Blake entered the poorer neighborhood.

Then Blake finally arrived at a run down residence.

"Hey! You there!" a male voice shout out.

The girls were startled, and made their jump into the open, alerting Blake and a Sidonian.

***
**Archer's Apartment**
**Blake Belladonna**

"I presumed that they are your friends from that military academy?" Sasaki guessed. "Also here to visit my ancestors?"

Blake Belladonna was blindsided by her teammates. She didn't actually think that they will follow her. Actually, why wouldn't they?

"I-I..." Blake tried to answer. But nothing was readily coming out of her mouth.

Her teammates and a guard gradually approached the apartment, not taking long in such a narrow street. She could see the rather unhappy expressions on their faces, sorry about getting caught.

"These are your teammates? Miss Belladonna?" the somewhat anonymous guard questioned.

"Umm...yes."

"Hi Blake!" Ruby said cheerfully.

"What's sup, Blake," Yang greeted.

"What are you doing here?" Weiss said in a less friender tone.

"She just wanted to talk to my ancestor about history for a report for Oobleck," Sasaki said.

"Did you piss off Oobleck?" Weiss wondered.

"I...uh...no!" Blake denied.

"Actually, Blake requested the meeting herself," Archer said, suddenly standing behind Sasaki. "She wanted to learn about the rights revolution on Earth. As a favor, she'll need to report her findings to Doctor Oobleck."

"We're going to be OK," Sasaki said to the guard. The guard nodded before melting away. Then she turned her attention to the four teenagers. "You brats can come in. We have a lot of food and we cannot digest it fast enough."

***

As she entered Archer's home, Blake can tell that it wasn't any Remnan home she ever been to. They used more subdued and subtle colors, decorated with a foreign aesthetics that was unfamiliar.

"House rule is that you leave your footwears here," Archer said.

The girls nodded and began taking off their shoes.

Commit message:

write conversation between Weiss and Archer

for_science/chp20_team_rwby.md, after:

## **Chapter Twenty: Team RWBY**

[I]Dear Journal,

A number of breakthroughs had made their appearances after months of hard work and collaboration with all the parties involved.

We charted the stars, and we were able to locate Remnant and Sidonia in context. Remnant is located around twenty five light years away from Earth, and Sidonia is located about three hundred light years away from Earth. This is published as a starmap and distributed to the public at large.

Why is this important? It will enable trans-dimensional travel without me having to calculate all the numbers and arranging the schedules. Though it required a bunch of other steps to accomplish this feat. The way this will work is to travel to a certain location spatially, and then make the jump. For example, you'll have to travel from Remnant twenty-five light years to Earth would be, then make the jump through several realities, before arriving at Earth proper.

That will require FTL travel if we want to arrive in any places soon, and the only method known to us is the Colonial jump-drive which can make point-to-point instantaneous jumps by folding space. The Cylons said that Colonial jump drive can only jump 2 light years at a time while exerting tremendous stress on both man and the machine. For our reference, Sidonia is about three hundred twenty three light years away from Earth, requiring about one hundred sixty one jumps, making such journey practically impossible for any number of considerations. If we were able to overcome such obstacles and get to our destination spatially, the last part is jumping dimensions and that required us overcoming a number of problems.

Before one can safely jump into dimensions and then finally arriving at the planet destination, one has to explore the dimensions first. Thankfully, we now have a way to probe dimensions for safety, which required future cosmological theory that only the Sidonians possessed. Mainly, we designed a machine which required about fifty megawatts per hour and occupy the size of a football field. Its main use is to search for compatible dimensions. Otherwise jumping blindly will caused retrocasual boundback effects, because that would be jumping into dimensions that doesn't exist. Even if a dimension exists, it doesn't mean that said dimension is fit to jump in, because it might not be compatible.

Finally, the last breakthrough in question was that the Sidonians are going ahead with gravitic plates production, an adoption of Colonial technology. Surprisingly, gravitic plates are one of the easiest technology to work with. The science behind it was simple, if widely agreed that it's almost impossible to discover even according to Sidonian science. According to the Cylons, this was heritage technologies inherited by the Colonials, from the series of arkships they arrived in. It is unknown how the progenitor civilization discovered it.

Anyway, gravitic plates enabled cheap anti-gravity superior to Remnans' method, including extending it beyond atmosphere, but also cheap gravity as well, an essential component of space living if one do not want bone and muscle loss. With mass production of gravitic plates, they should be able to disable the extremely energy intensive gravity furnace, which costs sixty percent of Sidonia's power. Finally, gravitic plates can also serve as inertial compensator as a side effect of anti-gravity, which was fucking cheating the laws of physics. Theoretically, it can be used as an reaction-less drive, but it was deemed to cost too much energy. That's cheating![/I]


***
**James Archer**
**Trans-dimensional Reseach Laboratory Remnant**
**August 16, 2015**

I stared at a rube goldberg-equse contraption made by a certain violent colored researcher.

"What the fuck is this?" I said.

"It worked!" the researcher said. "As a result of my crea-"

"Cut the bullcrap about creativity and individuality," I said rather bluntly. I cursed director Polenda for making me a manager, for forcing me to agree to all too reasonable demands.

"But your semblance..."

I stared at the violent eyed Remnan. "You forget. I am [i]soulless[/i]", to use a certain expression from protestors outdoor. Though some researchers are still convinced that the aliens do have aura of some kind, if however small.

"Your power allowed you to create tinkertech devices."

"Which are basically useless without a serious amount of reverse engineering and painstaking scientific study, often in whole new fields of study. I don't have to reverse engineer your device, will I?"

The female engineer chuckled nervously. "No sir."

"Good, your project is now to reverse-engineer your own device and explain it so that other researchers can then build on your work using their [i]creativity[/i] and [i]individuality[/i]."

The woman sighed in relief that she wasn't going to get canned. Apparently, I am a very scary boss. It was near the end of a very short working day, as it was Sunday. Twelve PM had just hit, and it's time to head home.

***
**Ruby Rose**
**Beacon Academy, Remnant**

There was something that Blake Belladonna was hiding from the rest of the team. Ruby don't know what, but it had something to do with Professor Oobleck. When Ruby tried to ask her, she tried to deflect it. When Yang or Weiss asked too, they got deflected as well.

So, three fourth were hiding together in a closet of their own dorm, waiting for Blake to do something.

"Psst. What do you see?" Yang asked.

"Nothing..." Ruby said.

Blake looked around the room for a little bit, before picking up a bookbag and heading outside.

The closet collapsed soon after. "Ouch!"

Ruby Rose stood up. "We got to go after Blake!" she proclaimed, pumping her fists up in the air.

***

As Blake made her way through the city of Vale, the team followed closely her every moves, taking care not to get caught. It didn't take very long until Blake entered the poorer neighborhood.

Then Blake finally arrived at a run down residence.

"Hey! You there!" a male voice shout out.

The girls were startled, and made their jump into the open, alerting Blake and a Sidonian.

***
**Archer's Apartment**
**Blake Belladonna**

"I presumed that they are your friends from that military academy?" Sasaki guessed. "Also here to visit my ancestors?"

Blake Belladonna was blindsided by her teammates. She didn't actually think that they will follow her. Actually, why wouldn't they?

"I-I..." Blake tried to answer. But nothing was readily coming out of her mouth.

Her teammates and a guard gradually approached the apartment, not taking long in such a narrow street. She could see the rather unhappy expressions on their faces, sorry about getting caught.

"These are your teammates? Miss Belladonna?" the somewhat anonymous guard questioned.

"Umm...yes."

"Hi Blake!" Ruby said cheerfully.

"What's sup, Blake," Yang greeted.

"What are you doing here?" Weiss said in a less friender tone.

"She just wanted to talk to my ancestor about history for a report for Oobleck," Sasaki said.

"Did you piss off Oobleck?" Weiss wondered.

"I...uh...no!" Blake denied.

"Actually, Blake requested the meeting herself," Archer said, suddenly standing behind Sasaki. "She wanted to learn about the rights revolution on Earth. As a favor, she'll need to report her findings to Doctor Oobleck."

"We're going to be OK," Sasaki said to the guard. The guard nodded before melting away. Then she turned her attention to the four teenagers. "You brats can come in. We normally don't have much food in the house, because of our physiology, but today we have four Remnan houseguests."

***

As she entered Archer's home, Blake can tell that it wasn't any Remnan home she ever been to. They used more subdued and subtle colors, decorated with a foreign aesthetics that was unfamiliar.

"House rule is that you leave your footwears here," Archer said.

The girls nodded and began taking off their shoes and leaving it in the doorways.

"And it should be neatly arranged." The girls placed their shoes in a tiny manner.

"It's a tiny house," Weiss commented. "I read in a business magazine the other day about how a technical fellow of Trans-dimensional Research Laboratory makes six figures, and you're living in such a run down place."

"Individual choice?" Archer replied. "Aside from that, we don't really need that much space, and it saved money that we could use it to invest in something."
