for_science/timeline.md, before:

# **Timeline**

February 4, 2015 - Chapter 1 -  James Archer made the first successful jump to another universe.
Feburary 5, 2015 - Chapter 4 - James Archer woke up in a Cylon rebel cabin. Chapter 4.
February 14, 2015 - Chapter 5 - James Archer became acquainted with the Cylons.
February 19, 2015 - chapter 6 - James Archer negotiated a deal with the Cylons. In exchange for repair of his device, a few cylons will go home with him and that he will assists the Cylons in developing their moral strategy.
February 24, 2015 - Chapter 7 - James Archer arrived back on his Earth, meeting the wraith of his girlfriend Diana Rose.
April 3, 2015 - Chapter 8 - After spending a month on R&D and raising money, James and Diana Rose made a jump to a new dimension.
April 4, 2015 - Chapter 10 - Rose and Archer were permitted by the Sidonian authority to explore the arkship.
April 6, 2015 - Chapter 11 - The two Earthlings negotiated with Captain Kobayashi on going home and technological and scientific assistance.
April 7, 2015 - Chapter 12 - Test of grade-grade armor is carried out by Sasaki to convince Archer to install it on his TDM.
April 8, 2015 - Chapter 12 - Captain Kobayashi discussed Sasaki details of the trans-dimensional travelers' interrogation.
April 15, 2015 - Chapter 12 - Archer's TDM received a full Sidonian tech upgrade.
April 16, 2015 - Chapter 12 - Sasaki gifted James and Diana EVA suits.
April 18, 2015 - Chapter 12 - James and Diana talked about the events of the past two weeks.
April 27, 2015 - Chapter 12 - Sasaki and James depart for Earth while Diana stay behind on Sidonia.
June 5, 2015 - Chapter 15 - Lieutenant Akeno Noguchi and Doctor Keiko Toma arrived on Remnant in the middle of a forest located within Vale. They later sold jewelries to a local pawn shop in exchange for local currency. They used that money to rent a cheap motel room.
June 6, 2015 - Chapter 15 - The Sidonian duo went to a bookstore and brought books. They eventually ordered food, among other activities. They were planning to acquired Dust before being caught in a cross-fire between armed robbers and a huntress-in-training.
June 7, 2015 - Chapter 16 - Investigation into the Sidonians by local authority in Vale, Remnant turned up 'nothing'.
June 8, 2015 - Chapter 16 - Colonel Seii decided to send an emissary and a doctor.

Commit message:

add to the timeline an event from chapter 13

for_science/timeline.md, after:

# **Timeline**

February 4, 2015 - Chapter 1 -  James Archer made the first successful jump to another universe.
Feburary 5, 2015 - Chapter 4 - James Archer woke up in a Cylon rebel cabin. Chapter 4.
February 14, 2015 - Chapter 5 - James Archer became acquainted with the Cylons.
February 19, 2015 - chapter 6 - James Archer negotiated a deal with the Cylons. In exchange for repair of his device, a few cylons will go home with him and that he will assists the Cylons in developing their moral strategy.
February 24, 2015 - Chapter 7 - James Archer arrived back on his Earth, meeting the wraith of his girlfriend Diana Rose.
April 3, 2015 - Chapter 8 - After spending a month on R&D and raising money, James and Diana Rose made a jump to a new dimension.
April 4, 2015 - Chapter 10 - Rose and Archer were permitted by the Sidonian authority to explore the arkship.
April 6, 2015 - Chapter 11 - The two Earthlings negotiated with Captain Kobayashi on going home and technological and scientific assistance.
April 7, 2015 - Chapter 12 - Test of grade-grade armor is carried out by Sasaki to convince Archer to install it on his TDM.
April 8, 2015 - Chapter 12 - Captain Kobayashi discussed Sasaki details of the trans-dimensional travelers' interrogation.
April 15, 2015 - Chapter 12 - Archer's TDM received a full Sidonian tech upgrade.
April 16, 2015 - Chapter 12 - Sasaki gifted James and Diana EVA suits.
April 18, 2015 - Chapter 12 - James and Diana talked about the events of the past two weeks.
April 27, 2015 - Chapter 12 - Sasaki and James depart for Earth while Diana stay behind on Sidonia.
April 29, 2015 - Chapter 13 - Sasaki and James visited a coffeeshop and encountered Doctor Rodney McKay.
June 5, 2015 - Chapter 15 - Lieutenant Akeno Noguchi and Doctor Keiko Toma arrived on Remnant in the middle of a forest located within Vale. They later sold jewelries to a local pawn shop in exchange for local currency. They used that money to rent a cheap motel room.
June 6, 2015 - Chapter 15 - The Sidonian duo went to a bookstore and brought books. They eventually ordered food, among other activities. They were planning to acquired Dust before being caught in a cross-fire between armed robbers and a huntress-in-training.
June 7, 2015 - Chapter 16 - Investigation into the Sidonians by local authority in Vale, Remnant turned up 'nothing'.
June 8, 2015 - Chapter 16 - Colonel Seii decided to send an emissary and a doctor.
